fix(xo-web/vm/tab-network): an error has occurred when trying to sort empty network (#5639)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “I had this issue, happy to know it's fixed”

- [Editable number] When you are trying to edit a number and it's failing, display an error (PR [#5634](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5634))

> - [VM/Network] fix `an error has occurred` if try to sort empty network (PR [#5639](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5639))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [VM/Network] Fix `an error has occurred` when trying to sort the table by the network's name (PR [#5639](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5639))
```
